RHDEVDOCS-5266: Adding a link for steps to add admin username and password… (#71605)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/logging-in-to-the-argo-cd-instance-by-using-the-argo-cd-admin-account.adoc

[id="logging-in-to-the-argo-cd-instance-by-using-the-argo-cd-admin-account_{context}"]
= Logging in to the Argo CD instance by using the Argo CD admin account

> {gitops-title} automatically creates a ready-to-use Argo CD instance that is available in the `openshift-gitops` namespace. Optionally, you can install and deploy a new Argo CD instance to manage cluster configurations or deploy applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{gitops-title} automatically creates a ready-to-use Argo CD instance that is available in the `openshift-gitops` namespace. Optionally, you can create  a new Argo CD instance to manage cluster configurations or deploy applications.
```

Author: Fixed.

{gitops-title} Operator automatically creates a ready-to-use Argo CD instance that is available in the `openshift-gitops` namespace.

> {gitops-title} automatically creates a ready-to-use Argo CD instance that is available in the `openshift-gitops` namespace. Optionally, you can install and deploy a new Argo CD instance to manage cluster configurations or deploy applications.

Reviewer 2: You seem to be saying the same sentence twice here?

Author: Thanks for pointing this out. Fixed.

> To be a user of the `cluster-admins` group, use the `oc adm groups new cluster-admins <user>` command, where `<user>` is the default cluster role that you can bind to users and groups cluster-wide or locally. 

Author: Fixed, PTAL.

====

> . To log in with your username and password, obtain the password for the Argo CD instance:

Author: Fixed.

> .. In the left panel of the console, use the perspective switcher to switch to the *Administrator* perspective.

Author: Removing this step as per your suggestion since it is duplicitous as we have already instructed the user to be in the Administrator perspective earlier.

> .. Use the left navigation panel to navigate to the *Workloads* -> *Secrets* page.

Author: Fixed.

.. Use the *Project* drop-down list and select the namespace of the Argo CD instance.

> .. Select the *<Argo_CD_instance_name>-cluster* instance to display the password.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. Select the *<argocd_instance_name>-cluster* instance to display the password.
```

Author: Fixed.

> .. Select the *<Argo_CD_instance_name>-cluster* instance to display the password.

Reviewer 3: @Dhruv-Soni11 I hope you have verified and tested the order of these sub-steps and how they work precisely, in the cluster. Please confirm.

Author: Hi @Srivaralakshmi - I just tested the order of these sub-steps and I can confirm that apart from changing the following step from:

Use the left navigation panel to navigate to the *Secrets* page.

to

Use the left navigation panel to navigate to the *Workloads* -> *Secrets* page.

there isn't much to change. Making the change in the content here as well.

Reviewer 3: @Dhruv-Soni11 That is great, thanks! Please get the Ack from the SME and QE on these changes.

> .. Use the *Project* drop-down list and select the namespace of the Argo CD instance.

Author: Fixed.

> .. Copy the password.

Reviewer 4: maybe something like this?
```suggestion
.. On the *Details* tab, copy the password under *Data* -> *admin.password*.
```

> .. Copy the password.

Author: Fixed.

> . Use this password and `admin` as the username to log in to the Argo CD UI in the new window.

Author: Fixed.

[NOTE]
====
You cannot create two Argo CD CRs in the same namespace.
====

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

> * link:https://docs.openshift.com/gitops/latest/argocd_instance/setting-up-argocd-instance.html#setting-up-argocd-instance[Setting up an Argo CD instance]

Author: I think I have fixed it as per our discussion on Slack. PTAL.
